# Chapter 01 : Reset

Xu Chen woke up to the sound of gongs. A loud church-like bell could be heard and we first pulled up the blanket over his head, trying to continue sleeping like he did every day. Then, after a couple more twists and turns, he shook awake as he realized the problem. He had fallen asleep in the pig pits. He had smeared pig shit over himself. He had planned to go back and wash before his classmates and teachers woke up. But, it was bright already. He was never gonna live this down. [Well, shit!]

His eyelids felt hot and his head spun as he tried to get up. There were serious aches all over his body and he was shivering. His hurried gaze took in everything around him, the row of empty beds covered in white linen. Sunshine poured in through the tall windows draped in linen and lit the room in a diffuse white light. A short-lived wave of pure relief passed through him, followed by intense fatigue and confusion. 

He groaned.
[Is this a hospital? I am probably screwed bad this time.]

He was going over what to say to his teachers and parents. Someone had obviously found him and brought him here. Even worse, he was sick. 

A gentle voice called out from the other side of the room interrupting his thoughts.
[Little Xu, are you awake?]

A strangely dressed woman stood there. 

`Mom's here early today`, he thought, then realized that he was an orphan. His head hurt as a jumble of memories arose. His head hurt and he cried out in pain.
[Argh!]

She hurried over, looking concerned. 
[What happened, son?] 

[Nothing, Mother. I am just tired.] He blurted subconsciously as the world spun and he dropped back into the bed.

She put a hand over his head.
[You are burning up. Stay in bed, I'll get you something.]

Xu Chen, eyes tightly closed, faintly heard the footsteps echoing in the distance, as he found himself losing control as memories surfaced in his consciousness like air bubbles rising in mud. `What happened last night? I was at the training field. My Crow stance is still weak. No, wait, what training field. I was on a school trip. Yes. I remember walking home. Arghh...`

Recently, he had often had weird dreams where he was a flying bat, or making awesome sword moves to defeat his teachers at school, or riding motorcycles underwater. `Must be one of those` he thought.

At some point, someone was talking near him, so he tried to focus, holding on to this single lifeline as the whirlpool in his head churned.

[... would dare to poison my son. I will turn this town inside out...]

[Dear, calm down. Are you sure it is poison? Please, we need to save him...]

`Weird, do I know all these people`, he thought. Soon, he fell into sleep again, only vaguely aware of hands caressing his hair and face, and soft voices by his bedside. He dreamed of training, and training, and more training... It felt like that was his life. And a hint of nostalgia and regret for his family. 

[... body is weaker than a... stronger than either of us.... never seen anyone regress so much in a night? I swear I will...]

[I will take care of him. Fanfeng, should we inform the clan? He was on the verge of death when I found him. There may be others..]

[Let's think on it later. Wake little Xu. He needs to wake up and stay awake...]

His head cleared up as he listened. The memories made a bit more sense now. He had been poisoned. He felt his body losing it's cultivation. He was at death's door. And yet, he was excited. After all, he had finally transmigrated. 

Xu Chen, who was now Chen Xu, couldn't hold back a smile as he finally got what he had wanted. The sleep had been more of a synchronization process. He didn't feel much different from when he had a fever a few months ago. The pain was gone. Only, he felt an extreme emptiness inside, like a power that he had had and lost. `The user experience is pretty shitty. I'll give it 2 stars at best...`

The voices came closer. Then, a hand gently shook him. 

He was still smiling as he turned around and slowly got up. Chen Xiaobai had tear stains on her face but she tried to smile as she handed him some porridge.

[Don't worry, Mother. I am better now], he said.

The tears dripped down again as she wrapped her hands around his head and softly mumbled.
[Oh Xu'er. My little Xu'er. Still so brave. Father and mother will take care of you, always...]

---

Xu Chen sat in the bed next to the window. His mother tried to take him home but he chose to stay at the infirmary. It was better to stay here before meeting anyone else. He was still groggy and confused.

He felt the extremely lonely as he realized he wouldn't see his grandmother or his friends for a very long time. He was sure he would return to Earth. Surely, there was no way the three dumbasses made it back and he wouldn't. 

Back on earth, he and his friends had held so many rituals, whatever they could find, to transmigrate. 

Johnny Bao had joined another school after they graduated middle school but still hung out with them, until one day, he suddenly stopped hanging out with them. He started scoring straight As and told them they were stupid. He would bring up theories of Ducart and Tolimi and what not. Xu Chen and the others agreed he must have trained for a hundred years. He probably joined some sort of scholarly faction. For sure...

Chang Bin too vanished for a week, then she came back with the face of a movie star. She told them how she had lived a life as a hero in an ancient kingdom, protecting the city from beasts and rising to be their King. She had the haughty attitude and the confidence to go with it too. 

Even the fat and dumb Tang Bao showed up after the summer break with glasses on his face, strong thick muscles, and an extra foot in height. He went from a ball of mud to a statue carved out of rock.

The point was, they all had come back. Xu Chen reassured himself and started to focus on his other problem - Logistics. He had read survival guides and business manuals and best habits of CEOs and what not...

[Hmmm... I am Chen Xu from the Blue Maple city. There are a lot of beasts that attack humans and the people use spiritual energy from the world to train their body and soul. Pretty cliche. Atleast I am a well-known supergenius.]

Xu Chen tried using his powers, not for the first time since he woke up. Alas, his body was as normal as it could be. He retained Chen Xu's memories of carrying heavy boulders on his shoulders and controlling wings of a flying butterfly with his mind. The dumbass had not even told anyone he could do that last one. Xu Chen got none of these awesome abilities though. He had been reset from a super strong prototype into a beginner character. He wanted to find and beat up whoever had written such a shitty setting. 

---

Xu Chen got better and started walking around the city next day. Even his meddlesome little sister was being careful and courteous to him. The rascal was only 5 years old and still was smarter than half the town and already stronger than current Xu Chen. So unfair, he thought.

He had went to the training fields quietly at night but couldn't even push the door open. He was the weakest of the weak. He had no idea how to regain his strength. After worrying for a bit, he decided to learn about his surroundings instead. As he strolled about, he took in the sights of the city, marking important shops, creating a mental map of the district. 

Chen Xu had been remarkably oblivious of the world around him, only knowing the path to his home, training fields, and the infirmary. He was a maniac. As a third realm Practitioner, he was stronger than most adults in the city. To top it off, he had trained his soul in his spare time, something even his family didn't know about. He had picked it up by himself as he saw his mother diagnose and treat the soul of her patients. He barely had any friends. Still, most of the youngsters in his generation knew of him and had frequently been berated while being compared to him. Needless to say, Xu Chen now had quite a few bitter rivals to watch out for.

As Xu Chen walked, he felt that everyone was talking behind his back. `I wish I could hear what they are saying`. 
He was stopped short when boy his age blocked his path.
[Chen Xu, do you dare fight me?]

The people around them stopped to look. Everyone loves a good show. Xu Chen knew this tall, brash guy - Da Bao, an impulsive side-character material who could only highlight the MC's awesome abilities. `Too bad, I have no abilities`. There was no way Xu Chen could fight someone who could break all his bones in one punch. 

He said [No thanks].

Still, Xu Chen first thought of walking around Da Bao, but rejected the idea. What if the guy just hit him out of the blue. Instead, his gaze shifted to the the side of the street where he saw a small black kitten cowering. He felt a sense of kinship with the little ball of fur. Xu Chen too was just a weak, harmless creature right now. So he walked over there and picked up the kitten. He held it in his arms, gently stroking its head, as he walked on.

Da Bao looked confused. He had heard that Chen Xu was injured and had not visited the training fields in three days, so he came to test him. Xu Chen had just ignored him, like always. Even the crowd was giving him pitiful looks. After thinking for a while, he shouted again, [Chen Xu, we'll fight our battle after the ceremony. Don't you dare run away.]

[No Thanks!]

Xu Chen didn't even turn around, and continued on his way. `Six more days till the Appraisal ceremony`, he thought. He too had been looking forward to this much awaited first event. If he was going to get some special cheat like other transmigrators, it had to be at the Appraisal ceremony.

[Previous](/blog-for-stories/tg/2021-07-08-tg-00-prologue){: .btn}  [Contents](/blog-for-stories/tg/index){: .btn} [Next](/blog-for-stories/tg/2021-07-10-tg-02-cheated){: .btn}